Now that's it for Deno or Deno for now.
Of course, you can dive deeper.
Generally, however, you can of course,
build the same things with Deno
as you can with Node.
Now, as I mentioned in the previous core section,
at the end though, Deno is not as mature as Node.
We have all those third-party modules
but of course, there isn't a module for everything.
For example, at the moment at least,
there is no Mongoose module,
which as you saw in the Node parts of this course,
makes working with MongoDB much easier.
We don't have that here, for example.
Also, a lot of those third-party modules
but also a lot of the standard library modules
are work in progress,
which means they can change over time,
they can contain bugs,
and therefore, this might not really be production ready.
You now, however, got a good and very through introduction
into Deno and what you can do with it
and how you can build web applications with it.
After all, we built a complete REST API
with database access and a connected frontend here,
which certainly isn't too shabby.